Tests include:

**ClearScreen**

Clears the screen to CornflowerBlue. Mostly useful as a smoke test to make sure basic device init and render passes are working as intended.

**ClearScreen_MultiWindow**

Similar to above, but with two windows. Useful for testing window claim/unclaim logic and presenting to multiple swapchains.

**BasicTriangle**

Sets up a graphics pipeline and draws a triangle without vertex buffers. (The vertices are manually positioned in the vertex shader.) Also tests some basic rasterizer state with custom viewports, scissor rects, and fill/wireframe modes.

**TriangleVertexBuffer**

Similar to above, but using a MoonWorks vertex buffer and custom vertex structs.

**TexturedQuad**

Draws a textured quad to the screen. Tests texture binding, index buffers, and sampler states.

**AnimatedTexturedQuad**

Similar to above, but with rotating and color-blending animations. Tests vertex and fragment uniforms.

**MSAA**

Draws a basic triangle with varying MSAA sample counts.

**CullMode**

Draws several triangles with various culling modes and winding orders.

**GetBufferData**

Sets buffer data, gets the data back from the GPU, and prints the results to the console.

**Cube**

Renders a cubemap skybox and a spinning cube. Tests depth textures, sampling from depth textures, depth-only render passes, cube textures, and 32-bit index buffers.

**BasicCompute**

Uses compute pipelines to (1) fill a texture with yellow pixels then display it to the screen and (2) calculate the squares of the first 64 integers. Tests compute pipeline creation, compute dispatching, compute textures, and compute buffers.

**ComputeUniforms**

Uses a compute pipeline to fill a texture with a color gradient. Tests compute uniforms.

**DrawIndirect**

Draws two triangles via indirect commands. Tests DrawPrimitivesIndirect.

**InstancingAndOffsets**

Draws 16 instanced triangles. Tests DrawPrimitivesInstanced, vertex offsets, and index offsets.

**CompressedTextures**

Loads a series of compressed textures, then displays them for viewing. Tests compressed texture loading.

**CopyTexture**

Loads an image, then makes three copies of the image. One is a 1:1 scale image, another is a half-sized image (to test linear/nearest blitting), and the final copy is to a buffer. The buffer bytes are then compared with the original texture bytes to verify the copy's correctness. Tests CopyTextureToTexture and CopyTextureToBuffer.

**VideoPlayer**

Plays a sample Ogg Theora video file. Tests YUV textures and video rendering.

**Texture3D**

Displays 2D slices of a 3D texture. Tests creating and drawing 3D textures.

**TextureMipmaps**

Displays a quad that can be scaled to reveal various mip levels. The mips are generated from PNGs. Tests SetTextureData for mip levels and rendering mipmaps.

**VertexSampler**

Displays a triangle whose colors are driven by sampling a texture in the vertex shader.

**RenderTexture3D**

Fades through 2D slices of a 3D render texture. Tests binding and sampling 3D render textures.

**RenderTextureCube**

Displays a cubemap generated by rendering to a cube render target. Tests binding and sampling cube render textures.

**RenderTextureMipmaps**

Displays a quad that can be scaled to reveal various mip levels. The mips are solid colors, generated by clearing various levels of the texture in a render pass. Tests rendering to mipmap levels of a render texture, mip LOD bias, min/max LODs, and mip filter modes.

**BasicStencil**

Demonstrates stencil masking using two triangles. Tests stencil buffers and basic stencil operations.
